SIA-R111 and SIA-R113 applicability improvements (#1594)
Siteimprove/alfa: .changeset/slimy-socks-cry.md

---
"@siteimprove/alfa-rules": patch
---

> **Fixed:** R113 is no longer applicable to invisible targets and targets inside a paragraph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fixed:** R111 and R113 are no longer applicable to invisible targets and targets inside a paragraph
```
